in a world surrounded by hate and terror
only one well 3 heroes could save us all
for day six our own project 30
superheroes embarked on an incredible
journey jeopardizing their own safety to
protect humanity Superman spider with
the Budweiser hat come on this kids in
this show and who's this one green
something all right
today's mission becomes superheroes for
the day and make three fellow citizens
lives a little bit better to accomplish
their goal they hopped into their
superhero car and proceeded to their
missions
our heroes disguised as regular citizens
found the three super citizens in need
for help
Geoff I just lost his mask and wanted to
join ours for Hero Squad Emily a
lifelong Iron Man fan was in the search
for an Arab and figurine and finally
Sarah working a ten-hour shift with the
short Briggs needed will something to
eat they acquire their secret equipment
at the super secret superhero game
called Ewa bees and then proceeded to
their missions
our heroes drove far out of town found
their way through a mystical forest and
acquired well a Vietnamese sandwich
and finally our super heroes
accomplished their missions
the other solution
welcome to the career
since you missed
running our crew you're officially a
member this squad you put it on every
run welcome man that big yeah
are you doing